ELIJAH C. DODSON
37A Edgewood St, Roxbury, MA, 02119 | 857-205-5833 | dodsone@wit.edu                                                                                         Elijah Dodson - Full Stack Engineer Intern - Fidelity Investments | LinkedIn
Education & Coursework
Wentworth Institute of Technology, Boston, MA, Graduation: Aug 2024, BA in Computer Science, GPA: 3.58/4.00
Relevant Coursework: Computer Science I and II, Data Structures, Algorithms, Data Science Fundamentals, OS 
Mathematics: Calc 1 and 2, Discrete Math, Computer Organizations, Linear Algebra & Matrix Theory 
Prob. & Stats. for Engineers, Engineering Physics I
Electives: Global Cities, Microeconomics, Cell and Molecular Biology (Current)
Cathedral High School, Boston, MA, June 2020, GPA: 4.1/4.33
Skills & Interests
Coding Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Vue.js, React.js (Learning), C/C++ (Basics), F# (Learning)
Software: Eclipse, PyCharm, Node.js, VSCode, Jupyter Notebook, Command Line, IntelliJ
AWS: Lambda , S3, CloudWatch (learning)
Google Drive: Docs, Slides, Forms, Sheets
Microsoft Office: Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Power Apps
Interests: Front and Back-End development, natural language understanding, AWS, chatbots/AI, stocks/investments
Job Experience
Fidelity Investments: 
Software Developer Co-op (Spring 2023) | Full Stack Engineer Intern (Summer 2022) | Student Fellowship Intern (Summer 2019) 
Bahtabots Team, Boston, MA, January 10 – April 2023
Improved an existing user interface by creating a new component with Vue.js and allowed other developers to create chat bots quicker.
Debugged in areas where code was unresponsive while practicing clean code strategies to create a more organized space.
Designed diagrams to help with the visualization and development of new projects.
Cognitive Computing Intern Group, Boston, MA, June 2022- August 2022
Collaborated with other Tech Summer Interns in a SCRUM environment to implement a machine learning model that compared chat bot utterances and gives more optimal responses and improve user experience for both customers and Fidelity associates.
Developed JavaScript code onto Transcript Lambda code for the purpose of adding properties to Elasticsearch lambda through Amazon Web Services
Enterprise Technology Risk Analytics, Boston, MA, June 2019- August 2019
Analyzed data on various business units through Excel while presenting weekly recaps of the work I’ve accomplished.
Bridges Program at Wentworth Institute of Technology, Mentor/Coordinator, Boston, MA, May 2023 – June 2023
Lead a group of upcoming freshmen students as a mentor over the course of a week-long program to help them gain valuable experience of what the school has to offer: community, resources, identity, clubs, environment.
Managed logistical tasks as a coordinator by making calls, getting students to apply for the program, creating a safe and comfortable environment for the mentees, and helping prepare for events and the program overall.
Projects
Created a website with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and various APIs integrated within to present the archaeological background of the country, Jordan.
Developed a working Connect-4 and Checkers game using Java, GUI, and Object-Oriented Programming to create a functional two-player game with other features included.
Community Service
Volunteer, SAINT FRANCIS HOUSE (December 2017 - January 2018) | THE WOMEN’S LUNCH PLACE (March 2019)
Assisted with meal preparation, service, and clean-up in the kitchen and dining room to decrease food insecurity for underserved populations.
